cmd: add to-cache docs (#2246)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/add.md

  > Note that external outputs typically require an external cache setup. See
  > link above for more details.

> - `-o <path>`, `--out <path>` - destination `path` inside the workspace, to
>   [transfer](#example-transfer-to-cache) an external target into cache, and
>   track it in-place. Note that this can be combined with `--to-remote` to avoid
>   storing the data locally, while still adding it to the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-o <path>`, `--out <path>` - destination `path` to make a local target copy, or to
  [transfer](#example-transfer-to-cache) an external target into the cache and workspace.
  Note that this can be combined with `--to-remote` to avoid
  storing the data locally, while still adding it to the project.
```

  [remote storage](/doc/command-reference/remote) to transfer external target to
  (can only be used with `--to-remote`).

> - `-o <path>`, `--out <path>` - destination `path` for the transferred data. If
>   used with `--to-remote`, the data will be transferred to the remote storage.
>   Else, it will be transferred [to the cache](#example-transfer-to-cache) and
>   will be linked to the workspace.

Reviewer: Prob no need to explain to-remote again here. Please consider this text instead (below), and please move this option before `--to-remote`.

```suggestion
- `-o <path>`, `--out <path>` - destination `path` inside the workspace, to
  [transfer](#example-transfer-to-cache) an external target into, and track it
  in-place. Note that this can be combined with `--to-remote` to avoid storing
  the data locally, while still adding it to the project.
```

`file2` have been cached.

## Example: Transfer to the cache

When you have a large dataset in an external location, you may want to add it to
the <abbr>project</abbr> without having to copy it into the workspace. Maybe
your local disk doesn't have enough space, but you have setup an
[external cache](/doc/use-cases/shared-development-server#configure-the-external-shared-cache)
that could handle it.

The `--out` option lets you add external paths in a way that they are
<abbr>cached</abbr> first, and then
[linked](/doc/user-guide/large-dataset-optimization#file-link-types-for-the-dvc-cache)
to a given path inside the <abbr>workspace<abbr>. Let's initialize an example
DVC project to try this:

```dvc
$ mkdir example # workspace
$ cd example
$ git init
$ dvc init
```

Now we can add a `data.xml` file via HTTP for example, putting it a local path
in our project:

```dvc
$ dvc add https://data.dvc.org/get-started/data.xml -o data.xml

$ ls
data.xml data.xml.dvc
```

The resulting `.dvc` file will save the provided local `path` as if the data was
already in the workspace, while the `md5` hash points to the copy of the data

> that has now been transferred to the cache. Let's check the contents of
> `data.xml.dvc` in this case:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that has now been transferred to the <abbr>cache</abbr>. Let's check the
contents of `data.xml.dvc` in this case:
```

Reviewer: We should probably also `ls/tree .dvc/cache` here but oh well...

Only the hash values of the `dir/` directory (with `.dir` file extension) and
`file2` have been cached.

## Example: Transfer to the cache

When you have a large dataset in an external location, you may want to add it to
the <abbr>project</abbr> without having to copy it into the workspace. Maybe

> your local disk doesn't even have enough space, but you have setup an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your local disk doesn't have enough space, but you have setup an
```

[external cache](/doc/use-cases/shared-development-server#configure-the-external-shared-cache)
that could handle it.

The `--out` option lets you add external paths in a way that they are
<abbr>cached</abbr> first, and then
[linked](/doc/user-guide/large-dataset-optimization#file-link-types-for-the-dvc-cache)

> to a given path inside the <abbr>workspace<abbr>. Let's initialize a DVC
> project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to a given path inside the <abbr>workspace<abbr>. Let's initialize an
example DVC project to try this:
```

```dvc
$ mkdir example # workspace
$ cd example
$ git init
$ dvc init
```

Now we can add a `data.xml` file via HTTP for example, putting it a local path
in our project:

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```dvc
````

$ dvc add https://data.dvc.org/get-started/data.xml -o data.xml

> 
> To track the changes with git, run:
> 
>     git add data.xml.dvc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

$ ls
data.xml data.xml.dvc
```

The resulting `.dvc` file will save the provided local `path` as if the data was

> always there, while the `md5` hash points to the copy of the data that has now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
already in the workspace, while the `md5` hash points to the copy of the data that has now
```

A       data.xml
1 file added and 1 file fetched
```

> ## Example: Transfer to cache

Reviewer: Just clarifying since "to cache" can be a verb (but we mean the noun). Committing:
```suggestion
## Example: Transfer to the cache
```

> When you have a large dataset in an external location, you may want to add it to

Reviewer: Please put this example before the to-remote one.

> When you have a large dataset in an external location, you may want to add it to
> your cache without actually copying it into the workspace first. This might be
> due to cache and workspace are in separate disks, which only the cache can
> handle that size of data. After the data is saved to your cache, we link it to
> your workspace with the
> [preffered links](/doc/user-guide/large-dataset-optimization#file-link-types-for-the-dvc-cache).
> 
> Let's initalize a DVC project;

Reviewer: First iteration on this example intro:
```suggestion
When you have a large dataset in an external location, you may want to add it to
the <abbr>project</abbr> without having to copy it into the workspace. Maybe
your local disk doesn't even have enough space but you have setup an
[external cache](/doc/use-cases/shared-development-server#configure-the-external-shared-cache)
that could handle it.

The `--out` option lets you add external paths in a way that they are
<abbr>cached</abbr> first, and then
[linked](/doc/user-guide/large-dataset-optimization#file-link-types-for-the-dvc-cache)
to a given path inside the <abbr>workspace<abbr>. Let's initialize a DVC
project:
```

Reviewer: May still be missing to emphasize which link types are compatible with this scenario (symlink/hardlink)?

```dvc
$ mkdir example # workspace
$ cd example
$ git init
$ dvc init
```

Afterwards, let's setup a shared cache by following
[this](https://dvc.org/doc/use-cases/shared-development-server#preparation)

> tutorial. When it is ready to go, we can add `data.xml` to our cache directly;

Reviewer: I don't think the "shared cache" thing is exactly appropriate. We just need the cache to be external, in a location that is large enough to hold the data.

I already linked to https://dvc.org/doc/use-cases/shared-development-server#configure-the-external-shared-cache in the revised intro, maybe that's enough (if so please delete this)? Otherwise let's repeat the whole process steps here please.

> tutorial. When it is ready to go, we can add `data.xml` to our cache directly;
> 
> ```
> $ dvc add https://data.dvc.org/get-started/data.xml -o data.xml
> ```

Reviewer: Yeah for now I think delete the part about shared cache and just leave something like:

````suggestion
Now we can add a `data.xml` file via HTTP for example, putting it a local path
in our project:

```
$ mkdir data
$ dvc add https://data.dvc.org/get-started/data.xml --out data/data.xml
...
```
````

And instead of `...`, maybe show a sample command output here?

Reviewer: Also not sure about the https://data.dvc.org/get-started/data.xml example... We could keep it hypothetical with some abstract path like `/mnt/nfs/raw/data.xml` (or some better idea) or ssh://user@example.com/raw/data.xml

Idk, I guess it's not very important but data.dvc.org is kind of an internal company thing (not a secret but still).

Depending on the cache type configured on our workspace (can be set using
`cache.type` config value), the data is either linked up or just copied over.
For this use case, a reflink or a symlink is suggested.

```
$ ls
data.xml data.xml.dvc

> ```

Reviewer: I think we can merge this code block to the previous one, and skip this paragraph because we have to explain the linking earlier (see previous comments).

> BTW prob. no need to mention "just copied over": That doesn't seem useful in the tp-cache scenario 🙂

> As it can be seen, this option doesn't track the source unlike
> [import-url](/doc/command-reference/import-url).
> 
> ```
>  $ cat data.xml.dvc
> outs:
> - md5: a304afb96060aad90176268345e10355
>   nfiles: 1
>   path: data.xml
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
The resulting `.dvc` file with save the provided local `path` as if the data was
always there, while the `md5` hash points to the copy of the data that has now
been transferred to the cache. Let's check the contents of `data/data.xml.dvc`
in this case:

```yaml
# data/data.xml.dvc
outs:
- md5: a304afb96060aad90176268345e10355
  nfiles: 1
  path: data.xml
```

> For a similar operation that actually keeps a connection to the data source, please see `dvc import-url`.
````

Reviewer: Maybe also `ls/cat .dvc/cache/a3...` ?
